the most difficult part of my training. I would say there was a specific
thing that was difficult. I would say that my mindset, Um, I'm the
type of person that wants to to do well, like automatically. And,
you know, they're gonna be times and your training that you're not going
to do. Well, you're gonna have bad days, and perhaps you might
have a couple bad days in a row accepting that as a normal part of the
way things work is important. Realizing that that's gonna happen
is important. You're going to fail, and that's okay. Realizing it's
okay. It's probably most difficult part for me. I did not have a ton
of failures when I was going through my training, but there were some
and it was very impactful. So that was one of the was one of things.
I had to learn that it's okay to fail, that you're going to fail,
but you need to figure out how to move past it.